As [[The Temple of First Creation]] rises in the air, players get a chance to catch their breath. However, they cannot leave the room. After an hour, a door opens, leading to a small room. It is an elevator that sends players to the core of the temple, beneath the group level.
# Sphinx Riddle
>[!tip]- Recommended music
>[[music/Index#^core-of-the-riddle|Core of the Riddle by Pawel Perelica]]

A large dark hall opens to their sight. The columns stand magnificently in two rows, leading to a door, guarded by a sphinx. As players approach, sphinx greets them and challenges them by questioning their actions during the game.

For this point it is best to choose up to three questionable episodes from the game to make the moment memorable. Saving or leaving from the village might of the examples.

The sphinx will judge how self-aware the characters are, even if their moral is questionable. It expects those who enter the temple to be able to take responsibility for their actions.
# QR Code
As they enter, they enter a large room with an altar with a QR code, containing words to say to access reality threads.
>**Drath'vanor sil, etharos!**

As the fabric opens, a collar on the agent of [[Zuldrakar]] activates. The dragon tries to take over, willingly or forcefully. 
## The Agent Gives In
>[!tip]- Recommended Music
>[[music/Index#^lord-of-the-dead|Lord of the Dead by Dmitry V. Silantyev]]

If player supports [[Zuldrakar]]'s motives, they can accept a prestige class.
```markdown
**Prestige Class: Drakonar Emissary**

**Prerequisites:**
- Class: Rogue
- Level: 6th
- Specific Event: Must have been tempted or influenced by Zuldrakar.

**Class Features:**
1. **Hit Points:** d12
2. **Proficiencies:** None additional.
3. **Equipment:** None additional.

**Eldritch Evasion**:
Your connection with Zuldrakar allows you to meld into shadows. 
When an attacker you can see hits you with an attack, you can use your reaction to halve the attack's damage against you. 
Additionally, you can then teleport up to 15 feet to an unoccupied space you can see.
You can use this ability the number equal to your proficiency bonus until a long rest.

**Zuldrakar's Wrath**:
When you hit with a sneak attack, you can choose to unleash the eldritch energy within you. 
This causes the attack to deal an additional 3d6 necrotic damage. 
Once used, this feature cannot be used again until a short or long rest.

**Darkened Veil**:
As a bonus action, you can wrap yourself in shadows, becoming invisible until the start of your next turn. 
This invisibility ends early if you attack or cast a spell. 
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a short or long rest.
```
If the agent is defeated, remaining players decide, what to do with reality. 

If the agent prevails, then [[Zuldrakar]] gets control and rewrites reality to be the god of everything.

If agent decides to resist after accepting the power, they get a disadvantage on remaining control over their body.
## The Agent Resists
> [!tip]- Recommended Music
> [[music/Index#^master-of-my-own-fate|Master of my own Fate by Dmitry V. Silantyev]]

If agent resists, [[Zuldrakar]] will try to get control over the mind, body and heart. In order to remain in control, PC need to succeed a wisdom saving throw (DC 20). Otherwise, they must act hostile towards other PCs.

In order to free the agent of [[Zuldrakar]] influence, PCs need to destroy the agent collar. It should receive 100 magical damage (AC 10), but it halves the damage received if it is worn (the other half is received by the PC). To remove, a successful athletics check is enough (DC 20). Removing the collar also give the agent PC an advantage on remaining control.

If all other PC fall, agent loses control and [[Zuldrakar]] manifests. The dragon rewrites reality to be the god of everything.
# Final
>[!tip] Recommended Music
>* [[music/Index#^the-cosmic-balance|The Cosmic Balance by Dmitry V. Silantyev]] -- the decision moment
>* [[music/Index#^laughing-till-the-end|Laughing till the End by Dmitry V. Silantyev]] -- if any player introduces anything trickery-related

Once the spell is spoken, the fabric of reality unfolds before PCs. They are able to request anything to be granted. The effect is similar to the wish spell.