Players reach [[Sorceronhold]], a holy city with a fortified citadel-temple. As surviving dragons flee to the city, [[the Eldritch Conclave]] has seized the opportunity created by the power vacuum and declared their rule over the dragonkind. The have banned [[the Temple]] from entrance, so that mortals cannot enter the halls too small for dragons to enter and hide under its thick walls.

[[The Dawn Siblings]], predicting that [[Sorceronhold]] becomes a temporary region center for dragons to gather, have set in motion second part of their plan to set an explosion in this city as well.
# Entrance
The city is currently receiving refuges gathering from everywhere. Players enter the city while noticing their old captor [[Dralenthis]] flying in and hitting an old gate tower, causing a few rocks to fall down. Players have an opportunity to react and save people from certain death (Acrobatics DC 12 or Perception DC 14).
# Intelligence Gathering
Recommended music:
* [Brevoy Folk Melody by Dryante](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCIjgRq0fWg&list=PLXAVOVErML4HZ-7bE7EP_FpVhI_bgrKan&ab_channel=GothicDungeon)
* [Fey in the Hills by Drvante](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97n0wRSfx4M&list=PLXAVOVErML4HZ-7bE7EP_FpVhI_bgrKan&index=3&ab_channel=GothicDungeon)
* [Cancion del Mariachi by Los Lobos and Antonio Banderas, cover by Manuel Molina](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7s13cGJ--M&ab_channel=ManuelMolina)

[[Myra]] will lead players to a tavern, that is held by her sister [[Laelia]]. While heading there, party may encounter several events.

In the tavern, they will learn that [[the Dawn Siblings]] has been very active in the past weeks, which is not a good sign. They will also learn news of the current city state.

[[Laelia]] will ask for help to retake [[The Temple]] in order to harbor people there.
## Wise Stoner
A stoner has pieced all together during a trip. Nobody pays attention to them, but they preach on the streets. They noticed that dragons gathered for the festival and the explosion followed, and now dragons gather again.
>The stoner preacher, his eyes glazed yet piercing, draws a deep breath from his hand-rolled joint. "Man, have you noticed? Dragons gather, then things go 'boom'. They're gathering again in Sorceronhold. It's all a cosmic cycle, dude. Watch out, because history's about to replay, and I ain't waiting for the encore."
## The Dragon Egg Cart
Players might notice a cart with suspicious folk coming through the street crowd. With enough perception (DC 16), they will notice those are dragon eggs.
## Gambaridze
Recommended music: [Man with a Harmonica](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OA5PPHB3EOI&ab_channel=EnnioMorricone-Topic)

Either in the tavern or before, players will meet a minor deity of trickery and lore. They will be interested to hear a story of grand trickery from the players. If satisfied, they reveal useful information to the players, either about the temple or [[the Dawn Siblings]] plan. If not, they reveal one of the characters secrets to others in a cryptic manner.

They have a very peculiar way of saying thing, repeating the subject of the sentence twice: _"My name,.. name is of no importance"_.
# Temple Fight
## Preparation
Players will be able to find good in the city for the fight, if needed.

In terms of intelligence, they might use their existing connection to find information like temple plan or who is guarding it.
## Fight
Recommended music: [Take Control by Old Gods of Asgard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdHbAmFM-lo&ab_channel=RandomMusicRedux)

Temple has three entrances, which are guarded. [[Dralenthis]], as the youngest and smallest dragon, is guarding one of them. Packs of Kobolds guard two others, but their purpose is merely an alarm.

As a coward, [[Dralenthis]] will flee if odds start turning against him. If his health reaches a quarter, he panics.
# Activation
Recommended music: [My Dark Disquiet by Poets of the Fall](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GapRkVdVNQ&ab_channel=PoetsoftheFall-Topic)

When [[Dralenthis]] is defeated, players can reach the center of the temple, go upstairs start activating the temple, which will attract the crowd with a special sound, know to locals. People will start flocking in the temple, and dragon notice as well.

After initial activation, players will need to go through a set of challenges to complete it.
```
- name: "elemental_stone"
  description: "An elemental stone representing the union of elements needs resetting."
  duration: 2
  primary_check: "Arcana DC 14"
  assist:
    - "Dexterity DC 12"
    - "Wisdom DC 12"
  failure: "Arcane feedback. +1 turn."

- name: "wards"
  description: "The protective wards of the temple need reinforcement."
  duration: 3
  primary_check: "Religion DC 15"
  assist:
    - "Performance DC 12"
    - "Investigation DC 12"
  failure: "Defenses falter. +1 turn."

- name: "orrery"
  description: "A celestial orrery in the temple requires alignment."
  duration: 2
  primary_check: "History DC 14"
  assist:
    - "Athletics DC 12"
    - "Sleight of Hand DC 12"
  failure: "Cosmic energy untapped. +1 turn."

- name: "generator"
  description: "The primary generator powering temple's flight needs priming."
  duration: 3
  primary_check: "Nature DC 15"
  assist:
    - "Arcana DC 12"
    - "Survival DC 12"
  failure: "Ascension delayed. +1 turn."

```
If players take more than 10 turns to complete, than dragon earn for each extra turn. After completion, each dice earned by dragons has a chance of killing some of the NPCs. It is determined by a d100.
```
100: Horace
99: Lenna
98: Tilda
97: Myra
96: Eldrin
95: Jorin
94: Loriel
93: Terold
92: Brielle
91: Eris
90: Laeila
```
When the temple is high in the skies, a voice announces invitation to the temple core. A door opens in the room and players take an elevator to the ground level.
# Mystryl Warning
Right after elevation, player from the future receives the final warning.
```
Whispers 'midst moon's glow,  
Shadows stretch where scales gleamed once,  
Darkness seeks control.
---
Тени при луне,  
Где чешуя блескала,  
Тьма жаждет власти.
```
# Time Management
1. Entrance & Preparation: 1.5h
2. Battle: 2h
3. Temple Risen: 0.5h
Total: 4h